Update `Product` manual (#284)
bsc-quantic/Tenet.jl: docs/src/manual/ansatz/product.md

# `Product` ansatz

```@setup examples
using Tenet
using Makie
Makie.inline!(true)
set_theme!(resolution=(800,400))
using GraphMakie
using CairoMakie
CairoMakie.activate!(type = "svg")
using NetworkLayout
```

> A [`Product`](@ref) is the simplest Quantum Tensor Network [`Ansatz`](@ref), which consists of a one [`Tensor](@ref) per [`Site`](@ref) without any bonds, so all the sites are unconnected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [`Product`](@ref) is the simplest [`Ansatz`](@ref) Tensor Network, which consists of a [`Tensor`](@ref) per [`Lane`](@ref) without any bonds, so all the sites are unconnected.
```

> The [`Socket`](@ref) type of a [`Product`](@ref) (whether it represents a [`State`](@ref) or an [`Operator`](@ref)) depends on the rank of the tensors provided in the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Socket`](@ref) type of a [`Product`](@ref) (whether it represents a [`State`](@ref) or an [`Operator`](@ref)) depends on the order of the tensors provided in the constructor.
```
